rose my love Jane my Romeo
once upon a time Jay Cavendish travelled
from the cold shoulder of Scotland to
the baking heart of America to find his
love a jackrabbit and den of wolves arms
abroad boy sir I'm Jay Cavendish son of
lady Cavendish we're all sounds a bit
keep heading west solo he'll be Dead by
Dawn take care of myself
sure kid you need chaperoning let's
drift kara know why I'm headed west no
it was an accident it was all my fault
my girl and her father fled from
Scotland nobody know it's where we are
nobody knows who we are
the Bounty Hunter's what do they want
blood money than $2,000 Tice is a
certain breed of undesirable just want
brains are here man and free country he
headed west north west big storm coming
it's big trouble
Ben wait Finn wait aiming up with that
that's smart play there's more to life
than surviving yeah there's dying kill
that house yes sir no sir three bags
full deep in the West kick over any rock
in the desperado crawl out life you
right in the heart like a finger on her
I'll kill you
like a love like this cuz I love the
love this when a boy wanna play so not
bad kid